08APR2018 04:39

The purpose of this journal is to explain over time the background, purpose, and intention of the P99 Project. The hope is that it will serve as a framework and guide moving forward as the project ages and gains depth, breadth, and complexity. I can think of no better way to share it than to simply put it out there to be seen.

My life has always been a struggle. It seems that nothing has come easily, that every step has been hard fought and won only at a cost. And yet, my own journey has been a walk in the park compared to others who have indeed done so much more with their lives than I have ever even conceived of. Nevertheless, here we are. Now it's my turn to chronicle and develop what I believe to be my destiny and life's purpose.

The concept behind the name relates to the simple mathematical operation of raising a number to an exponent of that number. In this case, we have chosen 99 as the exponent due to the significance of the number 9 and the fact that 99 is the highest number possible before rolling into a three-digit exponential. I'm sure there are other significances that will be discovered and discussed in the future, but suffice it to say for now that I just hold measurable significance in the idea of raising the base to the 99th degree.

What then is the base? People? A person? How do you raise a person to an exponential degree? Is a person just a number? No, a person is much more than a number, but from the elegance and simplicity of math, we perhaps gain perspectives that can help us to grasp and quantify soft concepts that might otherwise elude efforts to quantify them. Even that sentence seems overly pretentious and vague. Did I mention that these musings would be the unrefined form of random thoughts swirling and colliding in a less than optimal mind? Perhaps I did. Certainly, they are. Whatever the clever and eloquent explanation, the gist of it is what happens when we start raising exponents on larger and larger numbers.

Consider the number 1 raised to the 99th power. 1 times itself 99 times is still just one. And this I believe it is with a person on their own. No matter how many exponents you raise them to, one person alone can only do so much. Thus, 1 is just 1. Now consider 2^99. 2 raised to the 99th power is 633,825,300,114,114,700,748,351,602,688. I think most would agree that is a much number. Many would perhaps also agree that two people working together toward a common goal does something special that is much, much more significant than simply doubling their effort. I have heard it said that the efforts are exponentially greater, and here we have a simple mathematical congruence with that concept.

What about 3 to the 99th power? And 4? It so happens that we soon get a number so large that it exceeds the estimated number of atoms in the entire known universe which one source suggests is 10^78 to 10^82. (https://www.universetoday.com/36302/atoms-in-the-universe/). Do you get where this is going? The exponential growth potential of people collaborating with other people is immeasurable, but just taking a poke at it gives us something we can grasp. This is the origin of the People to the 99th Power Project. The idea is to rally people around common goals and objectives and exponentially multiply their efforts in the bargain. Are we inventing a new concept? Not at all, there are countless organizations all around the world doing the exact same thing in their own way. In fact, we intend to collaborate with many of them whenever common goals and objectives align. Future posts will explore more specific ideas and implementations, but this should serve as an introduction to the main objective of the project.

11:23

The next aspect to be addressed will probably be taking another pass at the logo and fonts for the website. After this, the website itself. p99power_2.png is the current iteration of the logo. Variations will include accommodation for the academy and foundation variants to be incorporated into the base logo as set forth. We might also consider using the blue for the "99" portion of the logo as that would show up better than the grey. And of course, adjusting the dimensional elements to obey the golden ratio is a necessary fundamental step. We'll have to carve out time to make this happen, but all of this work must needs make way for the regular income until such time as the fruits of this labor generate their own income in turn.

12APR2018 03:40 

It is crucial that p99power be built on a solid foundation of first principals regardless of how long that process takes. Even the most casual observation of any social media outlet reveals an overwhelming flood of information that seems to mostly be repackaged and rehashed from other sources to the point where the origin is soon lost in the flood. I can’t see how this leads to actionable information with no solid first principals context to hook it onto.

Perception is reality and if your frame of reference is diluted by 10,000 different competing stimuli I can’t see where the mind would be capable of making meaningful decisions with truly significant impact. Stepping back and looking for a pattern in the data is useful, but for concrete actionable intelligence, p99power needs to offer a very simple, solid, core foundation in first principals. Otherwise, why should anyone really care? What lasting value could it offer those who become a part of the project? I would argue none.

Codifying these first principals into the formal whitepaper will happen in the future, but this space is for working out the first basic building blocks that will be refined in the future for review. One of the most core principals could be described around the concept of MVP, in this case meaning Minimum Viable Person. In this context, it means to establish what is the minimum skill set that a person needs to possess in order to survive independently of all assistance from all outside forces. In other words, what mental, spiritual, emotional, physical, and financial skills are needed for a person to survive on their own if they suddenly found themselves without friends, family, or society to support them. How many of us possess or could even list what these skills might be? You cannot pour from an empty cup, so I am definitely going to have to achieve this core threshold before presuming to assist others in pursuit of the same.

There is the oft-quoted and misquoted saying by George Bernard Shaw: “Those who can do, those who can’t teach.” http://www.searchquotes.com/quotation/Those_who_can_do%2C_those_who_can%27t_teach./4493/. Can we agree that the overwhelming majority of rehashed and repackaged information out there is shallow? Is it not obvious that there is a lack of depth in this method? We recognize that the intention may very well be noble enough. That the authors and content creators are repackaging and rehashing this information because it does have some sort of impact at some level as they process these little gems and kick them out the door in the hopes of monetizing social interaction. But where is the heart? When do we have time to truly contemplate and imprint these bits of wisdom? What use are they if we do not write them on our soul? What lasting value can they possibly hold?

Some additional references to credibility in the teacher: https://www.academia.edu/4720598/Those_who_can_do_and_those_who_cant_teach http://charles-jennings.blogspot.co.uk/2013/06/702010-framework-for-high-performance.html https://livingstingy.blogspot.com/2017/12/those-who-cant-do-teach.html
