`0623180449`

After watching Edward Faulkner at [Emberconf 2017] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DsBHKj90EY), it occurs to me that the Cardstack Hub will be a powerful gateway to access Git as we iterate our workflow around the Git framework. Specificallly, this means iterative versions of the .srt files updating to the branch version until you get the final revision and then merging with main branch once they are finalized. In the future, my intention would be to build out Subtitle Edit to have the option to directly save to Git. Right now I'll begin with the more manual process of saving it and then uploading the file. It seems to be a simple matter of having one additional save option that commits to GitHub directly instead of having the intermediate steps of saving and uploading. 

`0623180539`

By keep this repo open and driving journal entries and spontaneous iterations to this central hub, the goal is to eventually work out a process where all the meaningful work on these projects is recorded and evolves from this central location. Knowing that it will be observable from the outside should also help to keep it all above the belt. "f you aren't willing to share it, don't put it in here."

We understand there are thousands of scattered pages and files on various drives and in various notebooks, much of it quite private, but how handy it would be if we could consolidate and index these resources to build something great on that stack. At this point, the best we can do is begin to use this particular nexus point as our main Hub going forward. Perhaps having the private Journal live in a private repo under main is a reasonable solution to this issue. Private under main and public under organization repo. This way, we can stay more focused on topics and discussions that directly relate to the repo where the journal is located.

`0625180900`

In transcribing the [Cardstack Principals] (https://vimeo.com/221782128) video, powerful ideas are beginning to flow about breaking down open source software into its component parts and building a deck of cards that encapsulates that functionality in order to combine such this as Subtitle Edit with an API that pulls in Grammarly functionality. I'm humbled by the possibilities. I don't hear them using the term, but I'm going to see about coining the term 'Cardstack Deck' to indicate a collection of related functionality organized around particular applications. In other words, breaking down a program down, doing an analysis, and rewriting it in javascript as a Cardstack Application Deck with all the hooks and plugins to integrate with whatever else needs to talk to it or use it. These can even be features that can be selectively turned on and off.

`0626180749`

I have starred the Subtitle Edit GitHub repository and also the most recently active Grammarly GitHub repository. In time, I want to add interoperability between the Javascript version of Subtitle Edit that my company creates and the Grammarly application. It occurs to me that I also need to move up the food chain to Ember.js and the Tilde company to truly become familiar with the roots of where the Cardstack application framework is coming from. It appears that I am stumbling into the role of a developer as I look further into what it will take to meet my goals. Interestingly, it seems to be a natural step to move from 'programming' transcription and captions to actual application development. Clearly, I need to attract collaborators that are much smarter than me in a number of specific areas, but this venture is actually starting to show some signs of becoming a reality.

Don't neglect the income. Work on your workflow process. Take some serious time to define your business plan and project journey and then keep your eyes on the prize.
